c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.exe.config
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\VentanaCaptura.baml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\VentanaCaptura.g.cs
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.exe
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.pdb
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Docking.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Docking.xml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Theme\ControlTheme.baml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.g.resources
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.exe
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.pdb
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\ScjnUtilities.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\ScjnUtilities.pdb
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\TesisWin.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\TesisWin.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\VotosWin.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\VotosWin.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.RibbonView.dll
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.RibbonView.xml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ListaAsuntos.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ListaAsuntos.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.dll
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.xml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.exe.config
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.exe
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.pdb
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ErrorWin.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\TesisWin.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Theme\ControlTheme.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\VotosWin.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ErrorWin.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ListaAsuntos.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\TesisWin.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\VentanaCaptura.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\VotosWin.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.exe
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.pdb
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\ScjnUtilities.dll
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Docking.dll
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\ScjnUtilities.pdb
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Docking.xml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.xml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.RibbonView.xml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ListaAsuntos.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\VentanaCaptura.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.g.resources
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Chart.dll
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Chart.xml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ErrorWin.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Graphs\ActiOper.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ErrorWin.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Graphs\ActiOper.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.exe.manifest
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.application
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.exe.manifest
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.application
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Formularios\AltaErrores.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Formularios\AltaErrores.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.dll
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.xml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\MainView.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\MainView.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Controles\ScheduleView.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Controles\ListView.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Controles\ScheduleView.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Controles\ListView.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Controles\ScheduleViewEntregados.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Controles\ScheduleViewEntregados.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Colores.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Colores.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Formularios\AsignarOperativo.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Formularios\AsignarOperativo.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Charting.dll
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Charting.xml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Graphs\NumAsuntoGraph.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Graphs\NumAsuntoGraph.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Graphs\StatusEntrega\EnTiempo.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Graphs\StatusEntrega\EnTiempo.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.application
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Chart.dll
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Charting.dll
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Chart.xml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Charting.xml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ScheduleView.xml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Colores.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Controles\ScheduleViewEntregados.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Formularios\AltaErrores.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Formularios\AsignarOperativo.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Graphs\NumAsuntoGraph.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\MainView.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Controles\ScheduleView.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Colores.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Controles\ListView.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Controles\ScheduleViewEntregados.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Formularios\AltaErrores.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Formularios\AsignarOperativo.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Graphs\ActiOper.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Graphs\NumAsuntoGraph.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Graphs\StatusEntrega\EnTiempo.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\MainView.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Controles\ScheduleView.g.cs
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Controles\ListView.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Graphs\ActiOper.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Graphs\StatusEntrega\EnTiempo.baml
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Luis\Documents\GitHub\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\ControlDeTiempos.application
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Notify.dll
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\bin\Debug\Notify.pdb
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Notificaciones\NotificationBalloon.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ControlDeTiempos\ControlDeTiempos\obj\Debug\Notificaciones\NotificationBalloon.g.cs
